Dev update windows installation (#2639)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/installation/windows.adoc

= Windows installation

Before you install Neo4j on Windows, check xref:installation/requirements.adoc[System Requirements] to see if your setup is suitable.
If it is not already installed, get link:https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/?er=221886[OracleJDK 21] or link:https://www.azul.com/downloads/[ZuluJDK 21].

[[windows-console]]
== Install and start Neo4j

You can install Neo4j on Windows either by downloading and extracting a ZIP archive, by running it as a Windows service, or by using the Windows PowerShell module.

=== Install Neo4j using a zip archive

. Download the Windows Executable {neo4j-version-exact} (zip) release from link:{neo4j-download-center-uri}[Neo4j Deployment Center].
. Right-click the downloaded file and select *Extract All* to extract the contents of the archive.

> . Place the extracted files in a permanent home on your server and set the environment variable `NEO4J_HOME` to point to the extracted directory, for example, `export NEO4J_HOME=\path\to\_<NEO4J_HOME>` to make it easier to refer to it later.

Reviewer: 'export' isn't a valid Windows command. User should use: 

setx NEO4J_HOME "C:\neo4j\neo4j-5.24.0"

After which, they can test it with ECHO %NEO4J_HOME%, but they'll need to open a new CMD session.

+
[NOTE]
====
Storing your Neo4j files outside `NEO4J_HOME` will simplify the upgrade process later because you will be able to replace the DBMS binaries without affecting the configuration and state.
Otherwise, these Neo4j files will remain in the old installation folder and may be accidentally overwritten during an upgrade or deleted during a subsequent uninstall.
====
. label:enterprise[Enterprise Edition] Accept either the commercial or the evaluation license agreement.
If you are using Community Edition, you can skip this step.
* Use one of the following options to accept the commercial license agreement.
See the link:https://legal.neo4j.com/[Neo4j licensing] page for details on the available agreements.
** Set the environment variable `NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT=yes`.

> ** Run `$NEO4J_HOME\bin\neo4j-admin server license --accept-commercial`

Reviewer: On Windows it is:

%NEO4J_HOME%\bin\neo4j-admin server license --accept-commercial

* Use one of the following options to accept the link:https://neo4j.com/terms/enterprise_us/[Neo4j Evaluation Agreement for Neo4j Software]:
** Set the environment variable `NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT=eval`.

> ** Run `$NEO4J_HOME\bin\neo4j-admin server license --accept-evaluation`.

Reviewer: %NEO4J_HOME%\bin\neo4j-admin server license --accept-evaluation

. Before starting up the database for the first time, it is recommended to use the `set-initial-password` command of `neo4j-admin` to define the password for the native user `neo4j`.
+
If the password is not set explicitly using this method, it will be set to the default password `neo4j`.
In that case, you will be prompted to change the default password at first login. +
For more information, see xref:configuration/set-initial-password.adoc[].

> . Start Neo4j as a console application by running `$NEO4J_HOME\bin\neo4j console` in your command prompt.

Reviewer: %NEO4J_HOME%\bin\neo4j console

[[windows-service]]
=== Install Neo4j as a Windows service

You can install Neo4j as a Windows service.

[WARNING]
====
By default, the Neo4j Windows service runs as the LocalSystem account, which has full access to the system.
This is a security risk, and it is recommended to run the service as a user without full LocalSystem privileges.
====

. Create a user account that the Neo4j service will run as.
. Follow the steps in the <<_install_neo4j_using_a_zip_archive, Install Neo4j using a zip archive>> section to download and extract the ZIP archive and set up the environment variables.
. Run the following command in your command prompt to install the service, replacing `<username>` and `<password>` with the credentials of the user account created in the first step:
+
[source, bash]
----

> bin\neo4j windows-service --username <username> --password <password> install

Reviewer: %NEO4J_HOME%\bin\neo4j windows-service install

--username and --password are not supported parameters.

Reviewer: The service's Log On can be configured using services.msc, or the sc (Service Control) command.

----
. Start the Neo4j service by running `bin\neo4j start`

[NOTE]
====

> When installing a new release of Neo4j, you must first run `bin\neo4j windows-service uninstall` on any previously installed versions.

Reviewer: There's also:

%NEO4J_HOME%\bin\neo4j windows-service update

It's not clear whether this is a better approach than uninstall then install.

. Update service
+
----
%NEO4J_HOME%\bin\neo4j windows-service update
----

. Restart service
+
----
%NEO4J_HOME%\bin\neo4j restart
----
====

[[powershell]]
=== Install Neo4j using PowerShell

The Neo4j PowerShell module allows administrators to install, start, and stop Neo4j Windows® Services, as well as perform various administrative tasks using `Neo4j Admin` and `Cypher Shell`.
The PowerShell module is installed as part of the https://neo4j.com/deployment-center/[ZIP file] distributions of Neo4j.

> It requires PowerShell 2.0 or later and is supported on 64-bit Windows operating systems.

Author: ```suggestion
It requires PowerShell 5.1 or later (PowerShell 7.x recommended) and is supported on 64-bit Windows operating systems.
```

Invoke-Neo4j console
----

[TIP]
====
To stop the server, use `Ctrl-C` in the console window, created by the command.
====

[[powershell-help]]
==== Inspect the module

. Get all available commands in the module by running the following command:
+
[source,powershell]
----
Get-Command -Module Neo4j-Management
----
+
The output should be similar to the following:
+
[source, shell, subs="attributes"]
----

> CommandType     Name                                Version    Source

Reviewer: On my system this function returns fewer lines:

CommandType     Name                                               Version    Source                                        
-----------     ----                                               -------    ------                                        
Function        Get-Args                                           3.0.0      Neo4j-Management                              
Function        Invoke-Neo4j                                       3.0.0      Neo4j-Management                              
Function        Invoke-Neo4jAdmin                                  3.0.0      Neo4j-Management

Author: Why is the version 3.0?
